[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope
you're doing really good
and you've been having a good week i'm
so excited to
be back filming a white and a day video
i haven't filmed
one of these in a good few weeks and i
feel like it's like my staple
kind of video and one that i really
enjoy so today i'm just going to be
showing you
what recipes and everything i make and
just what i eat really
so i'm going away on monday so i'm just
sort of like getting ready
for that and everything and this is
probably the second day of like eating
kind of like back to my normal ways
after my huge birthday eating cake like
multiple times
a day would you jump straight into it if
you could hit this video with a like it
really helps and
supports my channel and we'll get
straight into it first things first
pre-workout so pre-workout
of choice today is my favorite one this
is the cherry flavor amino
energy absolute favorite like this brand
this isn't sponsored by the way but this
is my favorite brand of all time like
the flavors are so good
i did get like the coffee vanilla one
that's not as great but it's still
drinkable but yeah this is
[Music]
[Applause]
hey i am the sweaty mess that was such a
good leg workout like i just needed to
get that done you know you i know she's
been putting my leg like days like to
the side a little bit
also i did something a bit different
probably know that i really like
listening to like audible you know the
audio books on there
and i don't normally do it whilst i work
out but i feel like i've listened
to so many mixed clouds that are
basically the same like
all the same music recently so just
thought i'd mix things up and rather
than listen to this on my walk i've just
listened to
a bit this whilst i was working out of
my airpods in which i didn't know how i
was going to go down i know a lot of
people do that but usually
i can't like listen to a book in my
years before i think you like music to
get like pumped up but
yeah i'd recommend that i'm listening to
the seven habits of highly effective
people by stephen covey really really
good actually
i've been listening to this like over a
couple months i haven't quite finished
it it's like principles of like
personal like leadership if you are
wanting to be
more effective for your time i'd
recommend listening to this one
a quick shower or i might take the
healthy out first i don't know about i
need to eat i'm absolutely starving
and i'm going to make some breakfast i'm
just going to make some
protein oats taking things back to
basics
and i've got a new flavour that i'm
quite liking at the minute so i will
show you what i do for this one so i'm
using
this banoffee flavor this is actually
quite nice still
not up there with cookies and cream that
is the og
and the best flavor but i do quite like
it just for mixing it up i'm using
these my protein oats as well these are
really big i probably wouldn't buy these
ones again i find the gluten-free ones
from
my protein are a lot better like they
kind of cook quicker and stuff like that
but i'm not going to
put these to weight so yeah i'm just
measuring out 40 grams of oats
160 grams of almond milk
i just find it easiest to measure all my
milks and liquids in
grams to be honest that is the only
reason why i do that rather than
milliliters
and then i'm just going to microwave
this until it's cooked
like i usually do like a minute and then
stir around
then i'm going to make the coffee i'm
quite liking
these pods like if you've got one of
these pod machines these are really nice
this is number 10 supremo
so i'm using my new coconut bowl these
oats are like extra kind of runny
um because write rolled ones so i'm
going to set that aside and measure
out some blue frozen blueberries
which i'm going to microwave for a
minute
but it's 60 grams and then i'm gonna add
in
my protein always make sure you add your
protein in
once your oats are cooked otherwise they
just end up going as weird as
consistency so
20 grams of protein i really like these
coconut oils this smells
so good
now i'm going to add just a little bit
of banana
so 16 grams
[Music]
few grams of raisins
and then i have been loving these little
almond flakes they're just really nice
to sprinkle on the top i generally do
like just two grams of each of the
toppings
[Music]
here is my little banoffee bowl of
goodness i'm not actually fancying
chocolate today which i never thought i
would say
um all around but yeah i'll put the
macros on the screen
and of course eating from a baby spoon
as per usual
but yeah this is just one of my favorite
things i could honestly eat this all day
long
and let me know what you think to the
new coconut bowl delish
so i've just had a quick shower the ears
are popping out there
and i'm just gonna make some lunch i
am thinking sourdough and
eggs i haven't had this and it's such
like a staple isn't it like it's just
like a go-to
i think i've got some like smoked salmon
as well in the fridge so i'm gonna make
that
okay that is the biggest piece of
sourdough bread you've ever seen
bit of vinegar
[Music]
[Applause]
taking some marinated salmon
[Music]
okay this is just like my lunch of
dreams like you can just never get bored
of this
and we're going all out today with the
smoked salmon
oh my gosh yes this is probably hands
down
always going to be one of my all-time
favorite lunches to have yes
oh my god the most perfect poached egg
at lunch was delightful that was just so
so nice your own something really hits
the spot it doesn't make you feel
stodgy or anything like that i hope i've
not got this all around my mouth
actually
probably you know me so i'm just gonna
make myself a cup of tea
and then get some work done and upload
a video so by the time this is up my
birthday party
vlog video kind of thing will already be
up and
definitely check that out after you've
watched this video of course
so yeah cup of tea time also i'm just
like filling up
this as many times as i physically can
in a day
in hopes that my i'm just going to drink
more water i always forget
[Music]
of course have got to have like semi
skinned lacto-free milk i just don't
think
almond milk belongs in cups of tea
[Music]
so i've just been catching up with some
work and stuff a few hours doing that
and i'm a little bit
hungry now so i'm just gonna make a
little bit of like a yogurt bowl
this is one of my go-to snacks like i
always i've got i have this like one to
two times a day
and it's just a must-have i'm gonna make
that i don't wanna have for dinner
tonight actually i'm already thinking
about dinner time
for my snack i'm just having this zero
percent uh
greek yogurt i really really like this
brand like this is probably my favorite
one
and then i'm gonna try out this
chocolate peanut butter i've only had
this in my oats i haven't had it in
my yogurt and then i'm just gonna for
the toppings add some cranberries some
desiccated
coconut and a bit of almond butter
so i'm just gonna measure out about 150
and then just a little bit of um protein
this is literally mainly just
for sweetness to be honest greek yogurt
already has like so much protein in it
as it is
so just 10 grams of protein
using some butter biscuit flavored
flavor drops
just thought you know rather than always
going for my vanilla
just mix things up a little bit
and then i'm just going to add a little
bit of almond
butter i ran out of cashew butter like
this isn't really by choice to be honest
sprinkling a cranberries and just some
desiccated
coconut we've made that look
more aesthetic to be honest but that is
happening i'm just wanting to put
something
in my belly right away but yeah this is
really good
i really think the nut butter is a must
as well like with
anything like chocolate peanut butter
flavored right
let's try this flavor i haven't like i
said i've only ever tried the chocolate
peanut butter flavor in my oats
it's okay it doesn't really taste like
probably taste much peanut butter in
there it's a little bit chocolatey but
i really struggle with protein flavors
because anything
that tries to like remake a chocolate
flavor just never seems to taste the
same i mean it's eatable but it's not my
favorite we're still
sticking with cookies and cream like
that has been my main
favorite flavor but i do find if you
ever struggle with like
the flavor and stuff it's generally when
you haven't added that much like i only
use 10 grams so i can't really expect it
to be
absolutely amazing but yeah i really
think the
the vanilla flavor drops do really help
actually i'm gonna eat this
but i don't know if i'd make it again
okay so
it is dinner time i'm quite excited
i'm making something i haven't actually
tried before and i'm going for
some like turkey mince little burgers so
i've always got this little
five two percent fat even not five
turkey mints and i'm just gonna try
foam little burgers i'm gonna add some
mushrooms in and
see what other veg i've got in the
fridge um
i've done this with beef quite a lot but
i haven't tried of turkey so i'll just
give this a go and see if it is nice and
then i'm just going to use
some pita bread i've also got some
courgette so i'm just going to
whip something together and see if this
tastes good
um so yeah so i'm just going to chop
some courgette up
[Music]
i'm just going to chop an onion as well
and just some little baby mushrooms as
well you can't go wrong with a few of
these
and then i've just put my turkey mints
in a bowl so i'll just
add all these in
[Music]
i'm just going to season this up just as
i feel like i don't really
see it to be too bland because it's the
two percent fat
turkey and so i'm just gonna you know
literally
go ham with the seasoning i've got some
garlic granules
smoky barbecue bit of hot paprika
a bit of salt a few um sprays of this
extra virgin olive oil
[Music]
oh that smells so good
oops not that much salt but there we go
that
one everywhere
so they're just on a 180 i've just
popped them
in the oven so they only took like 12
30 mins in the oven i've just eaten this
one to test it
obviously tastes like completely
different to beef burgers considering
how like they're really high protein
stuff
really tasty um but yeah i think the
seasoning makes all the difference
with these babies so yeah pretty happy
with those
you can just stuff them like with
whatever veg you prefer so here is my
little finished array
i just popped some and i think
amazing what's it called again sriracha
like
hot sauce this is the bomb legit
uh so yeah just pop that on the side
about on the top for a bit of a kick
and hella mustard over there
um but yes it's really nice also these
are like little mini
cucumbers and i just put some balsamic
vinegar vinegar on my little salad
we've got some celery tomato
so yeah and you probably i've mentioned
it sometimes but i'm just obsessed with
like pizza bread so i just toasted
a pizza but yeah this isn't that odd so
it's first time trying out these little
turkey burgers
yes here's my final meal of the day so
i'm just gonna sit down
and demolish this it smells so good
i have been putting mustard and hot
sauce just on everything
so so i just had to show you what is
for dessert it's cold they're from sweet
deceased
my god so these are vegan refined
sugar-free gluten-free
they're all like natural ingredients but
it's like i'll explain why i'm holding
this like brick that's actually
chocolate it wouldn't say
let me just show you this is the peanut
butter brownie
but they're like these little thick
things you really can't see that very
well can you
they're just like these little thick
square brownies and they're just unreal
um i got them right around my birthday
per slice what are we looking
yeah this is the first you can tell us
the first day back tracking because i
didn't even know it was in this
two and four five cows for the whole
thing it's quite small but just so worth
it like it is the gooey sort of thing so
i'm gonna eat that and then
i don't know if i'm actually gonna have
this so amazing got me like this
chocolate block
and i think this was from selfridges
actually and
i kind of showed you some here i've been
like gnawing away at this chocolate
block
not today but yesterday and it was
massive and i've nearly finished it so i
was thinking about
having a bit of a combo but i think i'll
just have this to be honest yeah i can't
believe it's just showing you that
it's a bit gross so that brings us to
the lovely this video i really hope you
enjoyed it let me know what other videos
you would like to see next if you'd like
to see some more of
penelope if you haven't already don't
forget to hit that subscribe button
and like this video and i'll see you in
the next one
[Music]
you